Add September Release Notes for .NET (#1801)
Azure/azure-sdk: releases/2020-09/dotnet.md

- Initial beta release of Azure Schema Registry - Apache Avro library

### New Management Libraries

> A new set of management libraries that follow the [Azure SDK Design Guidelines for .NET](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/dotnet_introduction.html) and based on [Azure.Core libraries](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/master/sdk/core/Azure.Core) are now in Public Preview. These new libraries provide a number of core capabilities that are shared amongst all Azure SDKs, including the intuitive Azure Identity library, an HTTP Pipeline with custom policies, error-handling, distributed tracing, and much more. You can find the list of new packages [on this page](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/releases/latest/dotnet.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new set of management libraries that follow the [Azure SDK Design Guidelines for .NET](https://azure.github.io/azure-sdk/dotnet_introduction.html) and based on [Azure.Core libraries](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/master/sdk/core/Azure.Core) are now in Public Preview. These new libraries provide a number of core capabilities that are shared amongst all Azure SDKs, including the intuitive Azure Identity library, an HTTP Pipeline with custom policies, error-handling, distributed tracing, and much more. You can find the list of new packages [on this page](https://aka.ms/azsdk/releases).
```

> To get started with these new libraries, please see the [quickstart guide here](http://aka.ms/azsdk/dotnet/mgmt). These new libraries can be identifed by namespaces that start with `Azure.ResourceManager`, e.g. `Azure.ResourceManager.Network`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with these new libraries, please see the [quickstart guide here](http://aka.ms/azsdk/net/mgmt). These new libraries can be identifed by namespaces that start with `Azure.ResourceManager`, e.g. `Azure.ResourceManager.Network`
```

> To get started with these new libraries, please see the [quickstart guide here](http://aka.ms/azsdk/dotnet/mgmt). These new libraries can be identifed by namespaces that start with `Azure.ResourceManager`, e.g. `Azure.ResourceManager.Network`

Reviewer: Please also add adpteam to all akas that have azsdk in them.
